# Changesets

Hello and welcome! This folder has been automatically generated by `@changesets/cli`, a build tool that works
with multi-package repos, or single-package repos to help you version and publish your code. You can
find the full documentation for it [in our repository](https://github.com/changesets/changesets)

We have a quick list of common questions to get you started engaging with this project in
[our documentation](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/common-questions.md)

## The TLDR version

1. Run `npm run changeset` before pushing your changes. This will launch an interactive CLI dialog where you can describe your changes to all the affected packages, and you can specify which version should be bumped (major / minor / patch).
2. This will create a YAML file in this folder with the details you described. This file has a random generated name, so multiple YAML files can be stored here. Push this file to your branch.
3. When we publish our changes from the `main` branch, Changesets aggregates all the YAML files in this repository and figures out what versions need to be bumped. For example, if there were 2 changes for `@loveholidays/phrasebook` where one of them is a breaking change (updating major) and one of them is a bugfix (updating patch), then it will just update the major as a result, and will include both changes in the changelog. It also publishes the new versions, updates the Github changelog and deletes these YAML files.

**Not every change requires a changeset!**

Changes that don't require a new version to be released (e.g. documentation or unit test changes etc.) don't need a changeset either.
